Fix history navigation to hash fragment on Firefox when using view transitions (#9563)
withastro/astro: .changeset/breezy-eyes-teach.md

---
"astro": patch
---

> Fix history navigation to hash fragment on Firefox when using view transitions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes history navigation to hash fragment on Firefox when using View Transitions
```

Author: I thought we were deliberately using the imperative form?

Reviewer: I thought the opposite 🤔 we need Sarah (on phone rn, I can't ping for some reason)

Author: @sarah11918 to the rescue!

> Fix history navigation to hash fragment on Firefox when using view transitions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixes issues with navigation history in Firefox when attempting to navigate back to fragment links (e.g. `#about`) when using view transitions
```
It is indeed "fixes" (aka. "This PR.... fixes!) but I'd go a step further and say you could describe this in a tiny bit more user-friendly way! (Make it correct, but I'd go with a style like this)
